Update cache every run. Add `/compiled` and `/logs`. Make key sensitive to matrix. (#71)
julia-actions/cache: README.md

- `cache-artifacts` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/artifacts/`. Defaults to `true`.
- `cache-packages` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/packages/`. Defaults to `true`.
- `cache-registries` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/registries/`. Defaults to `false`. Disabled to ensure CI gets latest versions.
- `cache-compiled` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/compiled/`. Defaults to `true`.
- `cache-scratchspaces` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/scratchspaces/`. Defaults to `true`.
- `cache-log` - Whether to cache `~/.julia/logs/`. Defaults to `true`. Helps auto-`Pkg.gc()` keep the cache small.
- `delete-old-caches` - Whether to delete old caches for the given key. Defaults to `true`

### Outputs

- `cache-hit` - A boolean value to indicate an exact match was found for the primary key. Returns \"\" when the key is new. Forwarded from actions/cache.

## How It Works

This action is a wrapper around <https://github.com/actions/cache>.
In summary, this action stores the files in the aforementioned paths in one compressed file when running for the first time.
This cached file is then restored upon the second run, and afterwards resaved under a new key, and the previous cache deleted.

> The benefit of this is that downloading one big file is quicker than downloading many different files from many different locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benefit of caching is that downloading one big file is quicker than downloading many different files from many different locations
```
Otherwise it looks like "this" refers to the resaving under new key and previous cache deletion logic.

This cached file is then restored upon the second run, and afterwards resaved under a new key, and the previous cache deleted.
The benefit of this is that downloading one big file is quicker than downloading many different files from many different locations
and precompiling them.

### Cache keys

The cache key that the cache will be saved as is based on:
- The `cache-name` input
- An assumed `matrix.julia-version` variable (ignored if not found)
- The `runner.os`
- An assumed `matrix.arch` variable (ignored if not found)
- The run id
- The run attempt number

> [!NOTE]
> If in your workflow the above matrix variables are named differently, either conform them, or interpolate them into your
`cache-name` to ensure that individual caches are maintained for unique job types that run concurrently, otherwise caching
may not be effective.

### Cache Retention

This action automatically deletes old caches that match the first 4 fields of the above key:
- The `cache-name` input
- An assumed `matrix.julia-version` variable (ignored if not found)
- The `runner.os`
- An assumed `matrix.arch` variable (ignored if not found)

> Which means your caches files will not grow needlessly. Github also deletes cache files after 7 days.

Author: ```suggestion
Which means your caches files will not grow needlessly. Github also deletes cache files after [90 days and up to 400 days for private repos](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-organization-settings/configuring-the-retention-period-for-github-actions-artifacts-and-logs-in-your-organization)
```
